TITLE: How do you stay motivated?
TEXT: Hey all!  First post. Half-rant/half-inquiry. As the title asks, what keeps you all motivated?  My entire "publicity campaign" has pretty much deflated right in front of my face. I hired a fantastic artist with 100k followers on Instagram to do my book cover. Spent a lot of money
TITLE: [RF] help me find late fathers dark manuscript that’s unpublished/rejected
TEXT: [removed]
TITLE: Amazon kdp book rejected
TEXT: Hi i am new to kdp i uploaded my first  book on amazon and i got an email from amazon  Not sure what to do about it to change it and re upload to get it approved   Hi!  We checked your files and found issues you need to fix before your book can be published on KDP:  Interior Your
TITLE: The Story No One Wants to Hear: Why My Book on Malabar Hindu Atrocities Keeps Getting Rejected
TEXT: I’ve spent the last few years pouring my heart into a story that I believe the world needs to hear—a story about the atrocities committed against Hindus during the Moplah rebellion in Malabar. Yet, time and time again, publishers keep rejecting it. I’ve been told that it doesn’t
TITLE: Print-ready PDF format
TEXT: I have a quick question about creating a "print-ready PDF" document, in this case using the free Reedsy tool. It asks me to upload my cover separately, and to import my book in .docx or similar. I assume this means I don't include the cover in my .docx file, right? When I export
TITLE: How to claim your book on Goodreads if you don't sell on Amazon?
TEXT: One of my books was reviewed on Goodreads. Someone uploaded the book, cover and everything and reviewed it. I just stumbled upon it. However, the book's author was attributed to another author with my name. I signed up to Goodreads, and pointed out the error and they kindly remov
TITLE: Help Wanted: My book went live...then "Currently unavailable."
TEXT: My book went live in KDP this morning. I was able to personally buy a few paperback copies and also put in an order for author copies. Now, no one can purchase paperback, only the Kindle version. Customer service said this happens and can sometimes take 24 hours to fix...I'm hold
TITLE: Leo book cover dimensions issue help
TEXT: Kdp is throwing an error on my book cover saying  your expected cover size is 11.304x8.750 but the submitted file size is 11.000x8.500  My designer already send me the book cover in pdf. Can someone help me to sort this out please?
TITLE: How to make correct marketing for books like this?
TEXT: Hello.  It’s my first post here, so, please, be gentle.  I’m a book author, who has a problem.  I have two books finished in cooperation with my watercolor illustrator. The first book is picture-book with 1300 words (aimed for age 6-8) and second – based on the real war ‘fantasy’
TITLE: I have my book ready to selfpublish, but need advice on the steps
TEXT: Hi all, the situation is this:  **Background**  * I'm from Spain and will self publish in Spanish. We'll see if I translate the book to publish in the US (apealing, but I'm afraid of bureaucracy).  * I write for a living on a (well known) tech publication and have done so for 20+
TITLE: My elderly mother got involved with an Amazon kdp 3rd party outfit and now I need to try to get the hot mess that is her book off of Amazon.
TEXT: Background: she wrote a short children's book years ago that she never published, but always wanted to.  Last spring, she decided to self publish for the sole purpose of having 5 copies to give away as Christmas gifts.  She did this in secret because she wanted it to be a surpris
TITLE: KDP keeps rejecting even after I have been submitting changes
TEXT: I'm making an illustrated picture book for my kids, the proofs have turned out wonderful and near-flawless, but when it comes to actually publishing, it keeps getting rejected for "insufficient bleed".  It's an 8.5 x 8.5 inch book. I have the same blank colored borders on every p
TITLE: Kdp error help please 
TEXT: Hi all! My book is in kdp and people have ordered and downloaded copies (out since October). I have found an error in my text. Can I fix it and upload a new copy? What does that do for my readers with copies? Thanks in advance!
TITLE: Will ACX reject if only the opening &amp; closing credits use AI voice?
TEXT: I narrated my audiobook myself and stupidly forgot the closing credits!! I have the opening credits, but don’t have the closing credits and would be such a hassle and take way too much time to set up my recording space again, record the 5 second clips, and get my editor to edit t
TITLE: Need help with kdp ads
TEXT: I really need some help as this situation is becoming frustrating so any info will help, please.  I created a coloring book featuring funny animals with title "What the Fur." Unfortunately, my ads keep getting rejected because the system seems to flag the title due to its similar
TITLE: What I learnt publishing my first novel. A breakdown.
TEXT: ## TL;DR;  &gt;“Every new beginning comes from some other beginning’s end.”— Seneca   I learnt that to write, there’s no secret. You just have to write. And every step on the journey, even pressing “Publish”, is merely the start of another journey with more things to learn, impro
TITLE: Anyone else have issues with IngramSpark for print?
TEXT: I wanted to compare print services, so I uploaded my book to all the major ones. IngramSpark rejected my cover, which I admittedly made off a different site's template. Figuring their specs were just different, I used their tool to request a specific template for my book size thr
TITLE: Identity verification failed on KDP, getting nowhere with customer service
TEXT: This has been a nightmare, and I'm sorry for shouting into the abyss of Amazon hell. As some or most of you know, in July 2024, Amazon forced KDP to start verifying the identities of certain KDP account holders. Not everybody gets hit with the verification step. I guess it depend
TITLE: Has anyone got anything like this notification from kdp
TEXT: Hello,  During our review, we found that the following book(s) causes a misleading customer experience because it impairs customers' ability to make good buying decisions.  PRI-CMMBBAA13CV Black Paper Notebook: Black Paper Journal for Gel Pens | 100 Lined Pages | 8x11 Softcover N
TITLE: The end of my "account termination" story
TEXT: Previously on... [1](https://www.reddit.com/r/selfpublish/comments/1943yym/my_account_just_got_terminated_has_anyone_else/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=web2x&amp;context=3) [2](https://www.reddit.com/r/selfpublish/comments/196i4wm/my_account_got_unterminatedor_you_know_reinsta
TITLE: Help Needed! For Special Edition Interior files!
TEXT: Hey, so, I can’t seem to find anyone who has done this, but there has to be someone who has. I can’t find any info on google cause google search sucks and I can’t find anything on YouTube.  I have a dark fantasy, and I want to make a special edition. the special edition will have
TITLE: First book sold! My experience with PublishDrive so far (part 1, tbc)
TEXT: I decided to go with PublishDrive, instead of KDP or Draft2Digital for my 2nd book. I surprisingly see very little reviews online about PD. Probably because of their pricing which used to be very intimidating, especially if you're scared about being at a loss monthly. So I'll doc
TITLE: Need Advice; Book looks great on Atticus, but getting an error message on KDP
TEXT: Hi there! I finished a 365-Day Devotional and it took a ton of blood, sweat and tears to get the book formatted well. I was really excited about the final product and it has a nice uniform look.   However, when I go to upload it on KDP, I keep getting a message that says, "error
TITLE: Help understanding updates to eBook versions in KDP
TEXT: Hi everyone  I'm a newbie to self-publishing with KDP. I am so confused about updates to eBooks that are made after a person has bought the eBook. I'm reading conflicting information I'm hoping one of you can clear up. Honestly, it's not looking good for me...  I previously relea
TITLE: Anyone who bought their own ISBN with Neilsen - did you publish your book on both KDP/IngramSparks? Did you use the Title Editor first to link the ISBN to your title and in which order did you publish through the distributors?
TEXT: Hey,  Sorry if these are obvious questions, but some people have said they publish on both KDP and IngramSparks using their own ISBN for the same book and format (hardback, same trim etc), but I'm confused on which way to do this.   I'd really appreciate any advice from people wh
TITLE: Debut Pub Day post-mortem (What I would and wouldn't do again)
TEXT: I recently had my launch day for my debut novel and felt like I learned a LOT over this experience so I wanted to share my strategies and numbers for anyone curious!  **Genre:** Young Adult Fantasy  Paperback &amp; Ebook &amp; Kindle Unlimited  I used Ingram Spark and Amazon in c
TITLE: First reading/signing and swag feedback and insights
TEXT: A couple weeks ago I asked for tips and thoughts regarding swag for readings, as our first was coming up. Well, we had it last night, and I can share what worked etc!  For context, we are in the US. There are two of us (collaborative memoir on my co-author's girlhood growing up i
TITLE: Yet Another.....
TEXT: .......Budding author with a few questions please..  I wish to do a prevalent, does anybody have the correct information on titles that contain potential swearwords, such as Godf**ked  Or  Godf👀ked  Would the similar and obvious censoring still be rejected?  Also, what is the ti
TITLE: Revised Book on KDP
TEXT: I uploaded a version of my paperback on KDP, but discovered some errors. I have a corrected copy now. Can I just upload the corrected version, or do I need to delete the flawed version before uploading the corrected version?  Any advice would be greatly appreciated.  Thank you!
TITLE: KDP Page error
TEXT: My final manuscript is 743 pages in word, but when I upload it to Amazon KDP, it says 760 pages. Anyone know how to fix this? I’m hoping to publish it this week! Thanks!
TITLE: Questions on promotion / resubmission for Booksprout / Booksirens
TEXT: Hello all. I've finished my science fiction manuscript / cover art / initial interior design and I'm trying to get some ARCs into the hands of readers. Couple questions for those of you more knowledgeable than I:  1. Is it possible or desireable to run promotions on booksprout? I
TITLE: 17, starting from scratch, and need some support to build my dream
TEXT: Hey, I’m new here — and I’m not sure if this is the right place to share this. But if you have a moment, I’d really appreciate it. Maybe this helps me… or maybe it helps you too. I’m 17, still in school, and trying to figure out how to build something of my own. I’ve always been
TITLE: Editorial Assessment vs. Developmental Editing
TEXT: I am nearing the completion of my first manuscript. I intend to go through two rounds of self-editing and have been considering hiring a developmental editor. Unfortunately, I am a graduate student and my funds are somewhat limited. I have been going back and forth about hiring a
TITLE: KDP keeps declining my picture book?
TEXT: Hello~!! I've been trying to upload my print book onto Amazon for a few days now, but my submissions keep getting declined due to 'margin errors.'  I selected on the bleed option. The drawings extend beyond the borders, but that's perfectly fine with me. I intentionally drew them
TITLE: Need a lean-and-mean formatting/publishing tool
TEXT: I am writing nonfiction books. To-date, I've done them in Google docs, which with a little trial-and-error and manipulation, can usually create an OK-looking epub and pdf file for KDP. I'd grade the output at a B-. Definite limitations.  I've been researching Vellum / Atticus / S
TITLE: After using LuLu and an all lowercase pen name for 10+years, my latest pub was rejected for global distro
TEXT: Have not had this problem for my first four books. Book #5 both the title and pen name are all lowercase. It was approved for global distro when I first published last year but when I fixed a typo for a new edition, it got rejected for global distro. I’m a poet so the all lowerca
TITLE: KDP Rights
TEXT: Hi, I'd published a no content in 2021. It was among the very first books I'd posted on KDP. Recently I received an email from KDP asking me to prove that I've the rights to the title.    I first asked them for what documentation they require, then they told a signed contract bet
TITLE: Going to selfpublish my debut novel in a few days and I'm so happy!
TEXT: For the longest time I believed that the only way to become an author was to be traditionally published. I tried querying the first book I ever finished (it wasn't that good to be honest) and got rejected over 100 times.    Then I wrote a second novel and the more I learned about
TITLE: Uploading to IngramSpark conundrum
TEXT: As recently as June, I was able to upload a book separately to both IngramSpark and Amazon using an ISBN that I owned through Bowker. I'm trying to do the same thing again, and after I had already submitted it to Amazon for review and went to upload to IngramSpark, IngramSpark th
TITLE: KDP Account Blocked After Albanian Language Books Rejected—Looking for Insights
TEXT: Hey everyone,  I'm running into some serious issues with Amazon KDP, and I’m hoping some of you might have experienced something similar or can offer advice.  I submitted a couple of Albanian-language books for publishing on KDP. Everything went fine at first. I passed the initia
TITLE: "The title of the following book(s) might cause a misleading customer experience"
TEXT: I get this email again and again and again. I don't know what I'm doing wrong. Help.   I'm trying to publish a notebook with a graphic of a menacing looking cat and the caption "Evil Cat".   The last rejected title was "Evil Cat: Lined Journal (176 pages, Notebook, Diary)". Pleas
TITLE: Review onlinebookclub.org
TEXT: **TLDR: Avoid OnlineBookClub.org.** The site promises honest reviews, payment for honest reviews, and author promotion, but fails at all three. Its review system is rigged to favor positive, meaningless reviews, making them useless for readers and authors. Reviewers are frustrate
TITLE: Banned on KDP for 'Copying' Own Cover
TEXT: Does anyone have advice for the following situation:  A friend of mine has published a series of books that were selling at a satisfactory rate. He designed his own covers, with original art and all the books had the same design but come in different colours. When it came to book
TITLE: Book Title error
TEXT: I have been trying to publish my first book. I have a title and a subtitle for my book. I am not sure what I am missing and how I actually need to enter the title. I tried entering both the title and the subtitle in the title by entering a hyphen.  Amazon rejected it. Then I trie
TITLE: Title help
TEXT: Prefacing this by saying that I am quite ‘tech illiterate’! I’m an established author in the UK, and have just started using KDP to self publish my novels in the US for the first time. My titles keep getting rejected for the inclusion of ‘bestseller’; I’m aware this is listed as
TITLE: First Title Rejected from D2D?
TEXT: I did go through the FAQ regarding what to publish and what not to publish. I have been in contact with support over a month now and I got rejected today. My book was in limbo for a month. I have seen and read questionable content on the platforms that they aggregate for. I also
TITLE: Amazon content review Alert.
TEXT: Hi. Just wondering if anyone has ever had this happen to them before.   Background information: Last week I accidentally uploaded the incorrect document (book 2) to Book 1. When I realized my mistake, I contacted KDP support immediately to get this update cancelled, but they coul
TITLE: The Supernatural S**t Show
TEXT: Prologue:          High School Show and Tell      Ms. Jensen’s English class was already barely controlled chaos. The desks were arranged in a haphazard circle, half the class was scrolling their phones under the table, and Ms. Jensen herself was staring out the window with the w
TITLE: Anyone got the same experience with KDP? First time writing and selfpublishing
TEXT: So, finally, I wrote a small book. Well, not that small. What started as "let's try something small" turned out to be months of work. It's about Entity Framework Core and it has a lot of developers' code, so it also took me a long time to prepare, test, experiment, test again, an
TITLE: Amazon won't clarify their KDP requirements for my public domain title. Help!
TEXT: I sent the following to the "Contact Us" email listed on the Amazon KDP Help page:  *"I am an audiobook narrator who is working on narrating a historical biography that is in the public domain. When I release my audiobook on Audible, I need to link that to an e-book that was used
TITLE: Is it worth self-publishing when i'm a “nobody”? What are the advantages?
TEXT: First, I want to tell my story: I’m an amateur writer who created his first novel and it has always been my dream to publish it. This 470 pages long fantasy work (140k words) that has been cheked, corrected, evaluated by professionals, rewritten, evaluated again, corrected and af
TITLE: What I Learned From Writing and Self-Publishing a Nonfiction Book
TEXT: In 2012, I wrote and published the book [How to Get Started As A Technical Writer](https://www.amazon.com/How-Get-Started-Technical-Writer-ebook/dp/B007GSTLLI). I did it without any preparation, marketing plan, mailing list, or ‘book deal’–nothing but an idea and a self-imposed d
TITLE: Because Amazon Ads are the best... Fail an ad placement because they can't read, get a book potentially banned. Fun!
TEXT: Tried placing my not-diet-but-does-the-cover-ever-give-that-impression book on Amazon Ads in Canada.........  *"The following ads are non-compliant to creative acceptance policies :*   *Your ad titled "Thin" does not comply with our current Creative Acceptance Policies. Specifica
TITLE: Expanding journal distribution?
TEXT: I self-published a self-help journal through KDP last year. It has been doing quite well and I’d like to expand its distribution through places like Indigo.   I registered for IngramSpark but they rejected my journal since they consider it low content material. I appealed and pro
TITLE: Visual, Illustrated Workbook Publishing Questions
TEXT: Hi, I have an illustrated workbook with lots of diagrams, infographics, screenshots, word balloons, arrows, and so on that I created using Canva. I have it PDF format at about 99 pages and could easily add more content since it's a visual guidebook. There are several sections for
TITLE: Is using grammarly (free version) for spelling and grammar of your final draft considered as AI ? Does it break KDP's TOS?
TEXT: Does this break the Amazon KDP TOS referring to AI use ?  Let's say, you have your final draft. You've read it. You've used MS word's built in spell check...but you still want to try to catch as many errors as you can yourself.  Would using grammarly to check for spelling and gra
TITLE: Google play account disapproved
TEXT: I posted on another sub and want to see if others on this one had their account rejected too.  Google, you and your vague-ass answers.  I got the rejection email that said “Our content policies play an important role in ensuring a positive experience for both our users and publis
TITLE: The Shit Show Circus
TEXT:  Can Anyone out there tell me what they honestly think about these first few chapters...I'm not sensitive.i would appreciate it much!!!  Chapter One: The Attic  The attic was colder than a tax collector’s handshake—so cold Elena Carter figured her breath might qualify for frostbi
TITLE: Kindle kdp - book gets rejected for having category that i dont have - x post
TEXT: Hi guys. I'm trying to publish my childrens' book on kdp. I keep getting the same auto email spammed to me saying I'm using the category comic books, but I no longer have this category selected. I keep changing my categories and then hitting publish, and it keeps coming back as r
TITLE: Publishing issue
TEXT: I just published an ebook and tried to publish the paperback,but it got rejected?
TITLE: Received a 1099 in the mail for KDP royalties, despite having never published on KDP
TEXT: I recently received a 1099 in the mail for KDP royalties in 2024 totally a little over $20.   I have never published to KDP. I don’t even have a KDP account set up within my Amazon account.   I talked to Amazon’s (garbage) chatbot about it and even sent photos of the 1099. It con
TITLE: Freelance Editing (for the first time)
TEXT: After writing and publishing my novel, I feel like I had to become pretty proficient in editing and formatting. I learned through a lot of trial and error, and now I feel confident enough in my abilities to offer editing/formatting at a low price (because I’m definitely not a pro
TITLE: Deciding to self-publish 
TEXT: I’m looking for advice. A quick backstory: I write cozy mysteries. The ‘traditional’ kind with cats, small towns, ect. Not comedy or romance crossovers (not that I don’t love those. But what I write is very much ‘pure’ cozy mystery.)  I queried about 30 agents about 6 weeks ago a
TITLE: Would books with topics that are considered medical get rejected?
TEXT: If someone who's not a certified doctor uploads a book about anxiety or smth like that in amazon kdp, is there a reason for amazon KDP's team to reject it ? cuz i heard that they sometimes reject titles with medical claims or idk.
TITLE: During our review, we found the contributor(s) listed for the following book(s) may confuse our customers
TEXT: Hi,  I got some of my books rejected and I got this message "During our review, we found the contributor(s) listed for the following book(s) may confuse our customers", I don't have contributors I've got only one author and I don't understund what this message is really about, di
TITLE: Amazon Ads Never Materialize?
TEXT: Three times now I've tried to start a new ad campaign for a book. It says:  &gt; Congratulations, your campaign launched successfully. Note: your campaign is pending approval from our moderation team. Moderation can take up to 72 hours. We will let you know when it has been appro
TITLE: KDP Cover Issue
TEXT: Soft Cover   6 x 9   480 Pages  I used the cover creator software, and I uploaded my own image for the front cover.   The dpi on it was not adequate but I found that if I shrank the image it would fit the accommodations.  The book is all white and the image for the cover uses an
TITLE: Help Required for Amazon KDP Sign-up Error
TEXT: During the sign-up process, after providing my details and phone number for authorization, I encounter an error message that reads, "Internal Error. Please try again later." Despite several attempts, this issue persists, and I am unable to complete the registration process. Anyon
TITLE: Unpublishable eBook Questions
TEXT: Hi, I've got an eBook I created a year or two ago. It's a PDF that is formatted like a comic book or graphic novel in that it is full of infographics, illustrations, arrows and so on. It is an instructional, informational workbook on marketing.   The issue I've run into is that n
TITLE: Cover illustrater ghosting me after necessary revision from Amazon 
TEXT: Hey guys. I recently payed a good amount of money (three figures) for an illustrated cover from an artist on fiver. The cover art was great and I accepted it from the person and uploaded it to Amazon. Problem was that the title was too close to the edge and Amazon rejected the co
TITLE: Self publish
TEXT: I am trying to self publish a short fiction written by a child. I have made minor proofreading and made a pdf with the child’s paintings. I began the process of self publishing at Amazon KDP yo publish both paper and kindle copies. I was unable to proceed and faced errors. It did
TITLE: KDP Blocked Book
TEXT: Hey all,  I successfully uploaded my paperback to Amazon last week. I received a proof of my book. I made two changes since then - I lowered the price by $1, which went through just fine. Then Amazon sent me an email saying I had until tomorrow, March 7th, to have everything set
TITLE: Getting a libelous review taken down (Amazon)
TEXT: I got a review today by someone who went on a rant calling me a racist, megalomaniac, etc. I know this individual personally, he is a stalker who physically assaulted me after I rejected him romantically. The review says nothing about the book and is just him trying to slander me
TITLE: In Your Experience, How Long Does Findawayvoices Quality Control Review Take?
TEXT: I submitted my audiobook 2 days ago for Quality Control. So far there's no feedback on whether it was accepted or rejected. How long does this usually take?
TITLE: Kdp Amazon Down?
TEXT: Can anyone tell me if their kdp amazon is allowing them to submit manuscripts or changes for interior content and cover art? I keep getting rejected for both and the reasons are very vague. Help please?
TITLE: HELP with ISBN number
TEXT: So I wrote my 1st book and published it first with D2D for all but Amazon then KDP for amazon.  I think my error was to use the ISBN from D2D on my KDP submission so my Amazon epub has the D2D ISBN.  So what do I do now, is this bad, can it be fixed, how????
TITLE: KDP ebook looked great using the previewer but after release the phone app is full of errors
TEXT: Before I published on KDP, I checked all the different previewers to make sure it looked good. Tablet, phone, and e-reader were all perfect. After publication, the version of my book on the Kindle Unlimited android phone app is full of spacing errors. Several words per page will
TITLE:  Amazon book bleed fixing!
TEXT: I made a book for kids, choosing no bleed as setting. But it results as error also a blank page, or pages with colorful background.  During the preview doesn't show off any error, but then it is rejected.  How can I fix it?
TITLE: KDP Margin Errors
TEXT: Hello, I am trying to help someone publish their book for their community on Amazon KDP. I get errors about the margins being messed up, but we dont have the word doc, only the PDF, any ideas how to fix this? I have tried everything but it seems Acrobat Pro does not have easy mar
TITLE: Kobo Writing Life book rejection
TEXT: As an academician, I wrote a 250-page book about my field.  My book that I applied to publish on Kobo writing life is "We will not be accepting books that create an unsatisfactory or incomplete experience for readers. We apologize for any inconvenience."  It was rejected with a w
TITLE: I pretended to be two completely different people in a server. No one knew. Here's what happened…
TEXT: # Group A and Group B  I am Youssef, and I conducted a simple experiment based on dealing with two groups of people.  * **Group A:** I interacted with them with excessive honesty, expressing everything I was thinking at the moment without any falsification. * **Group B:** I tried
TITLE: They rejected my book (unsupported language), then published it
TEXT: Hello.   At first they rejected my book. I thought ok my bad, didn't realize it is not supported and forgot about it.  Turns out a few days later it went live on their website. I was not aware of this but when I found out I unpublished to fix a minor error. It is now again reject
TITLE: Struggling to upload a cover to IngramSpark
TEXT: I think I've edited, uploaded, and been rejected +15 times. Each time it says the same, *"TEMPLATE BOXES VISIBLE ON COVER FILE Pink and blue template boxes are visible on the final artwork. These should be removed or covered up, however all black template elements should remain v
TITLE: I'm going to publish my first (and probably last) all AI-written book!
TEXT: Less than 24 hours, and the world will have full access to my crazy experiment with AI. Back in August, I wrote an entire book using ChatGPT. I streamed the whole process live in Twitch, gaining more attention than expected, I have to say. Following a Medium article that explaine
TITLE: Series being blocked for no reason
TEXT: Everytime I create a new series for my books it's rejected because series are not allowed for few content books. The fact is my books are not agendas or anything like that, they're all written. Does this happen to you as well? How can I avoid this?  Many thanks!
TITLE: KDP Paperback Cover Always Errors Out
TEXT: I don't know if any of you have experienced this. I went and uploaded the cover to my book, got a proof, everything went fine. Proof looks great! I then approved it and now i'm in an endless loop of them pushing it back to draft saying the cover is not the right size. I have repe
TITLE: Struggling with KDP
TEXT: Hey everyone,  I could really use some guidance. I've been trying to publish a few different books on Kindle Direct Publishing, but they keep getting rejected, and I'm not sure what I'm doing wrong. I've gone through their guidelines, but I must be missing something.  If anyone h
TITLE: Five months later...
TEXT: It’s been five months since I published my book. This is what has happened so far.  Copies sold: 6  Downloaded copies (promotional code): 9 out of 50 given  Visits to my site: 69 sessions, 50 unique visitors, 42% US   Subscribers to my newsletter: 2  -Promotional efforts:   Small
TITLE: Kickstarter Quest: Finding a Book Cover Artist
TEXT: *New account here to separate me from my personal posts.*  I'm kickstarting my debut novel soon and I thought the process and statistics might be useful here. If they are, let me know and I'll keep a running link to all my posts!  *My Background*  I've written eleven manuscripts
TITLE: Error in KDP’s Print File Setup calculator tool
TEXT: The current version of KDP’s Excel calculator tool shows incorrect dimensions for the safe area width.  (As of 2024-03-31, [kdp.amazon.com/en\_US/help/topic/G200735480#setup\_calculator](https://kdp.amazon.com/en_US/help/topic/G200735480#setup_calculator) will download an Excel f
TITLE: Finally self published!
TEXT: I knew you guys in this sub would be happy for me! After three years of re-writes, an editor from Reedsy, more edits, and 20 rejected queries (but a few hybrids that were very excited for me) I decided to self-publish using KDP. Woo! Now, onto the next book! (I have 2 more ready
TITLE: What I Learned Self Publishing My First Book (Part 2)
TEXT: A few weeks ago, I shared [part 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/selfpublish/comments/18idgij/what_i_learned_selfpublishing_my_first_book_part_1/) of this blog where I covered writing, critiquing, editing, and cover art design.   Today, I'll discuss some other aspects of my self-publi
TITLE: Places to post for ARC readers that aren't paid programs like Netgalley?
TEXT: I'm a starting-from-absolute-zero author.   I have a typical romantasy book and was fully ready to go with BookSirens to gather ARCs since it was definitely the one most suited for my book, only to get auto rejected lol  I've looked into the other sites like Netgalley and Bookspr
TITLE: What should I do now?
TEXT: Hi, everyone! I'm an spaniard redditor that learns english through reading books, so apologies for my poor english grammar.  The thing is that I finished my first book 3-4 months ago, in spanish, of course, and like most of the people we have this dream I've tried to send it to e
TITLE: can't figure out the Lulu publishing site, losing my mind
TEXT: all my pages are the same size, 8.5 in height and 11 in width. it will not stop showing the error message "Page Layout: The page size or orientation differs within your PDF. Please ensure that all pages are the same size and oriented the same way (Portrait or Landscape)"  i email
TITLE: Book rejected for using category i didnt pick - X Post
TEXT: Hi guys. I'm trying to publish my childrens' book on kdp. I keep getting the same auto email spammed to me saying I'm using the category comic books, but I no longer have this category selected. I keep changing my categories and then hitting publish, and it keeps coming back as r
TITLE: Having trouble formatting my (paperback) manuscript for KDP
TEXT: Hi!  I want to publish the paperback version of my book, but I'm having an awfully hard time with the formatting.  I've been using google docs to write and format the text, but since I'm going with a 6" x 9" docs doesn't have that format. I had to move to the browser version of w
TITLE: Turning an already published short-story into a novel or novella?
TEXT: I've published a short-story collection. None of these stories appear in any anthologies by the way, I sent one to an anthology that was accepting submissions, it progressed to the final stage apparently, but ultimately got rejected.  One of the short stories I wrote I feel can b
TITLE: Cover rejected, have tried 30 times
TEXT: Hi   First time we have used KDP;  it is for a children's story book with original art, story and art by my wife.  The cover keeps getting rejected with error message.  The size is 8.5 in wide by 6 in high (a custom size)  Have tried every imaginable combination with and without
TITLE: Google books rejected me twice 
TEXT: I have been trying to upload my self published book in Google Books, but was rejected twice due to ownership rights cannot be determined. How do i prove myself to be the rightful owner to Google Books? It is my first time publishing and I hope someone here can help me out. Thanks
TITLE: [Promo] The Curious Kinky Person's Guide to the Fifty Shades Trilogy
TEXT: My first self-published ebook is *The Curious Kinky Person's Guide to the Fifty Shades trilogy*. http://www.amazon.com/Curious-Persons-Shades-trilogy-ebook/dp/B00C35AKZA  For better or worse, these books will be many people's first introduction to BDSM, and I consider it vital to
TITLE: First time creating Ebook/Kindle for KDP, best program to use?
TEXT: So got my paperback sorted on Amazon KDP apart from the cover...can't seem to get it right, download the template and keep everything inline, yet a characters hand is cut off or on the crease and already gone through 3 proof copies.  Anyway decided to move on and create my Kindle
TITLE: Advice
TEXT: *I tried to get a literary agent, but I got ghosted and rejected. At this point, I feel like a failure. My beta readers liked my novel, and I fixed the issues they pointed out. Maybe I’m just not good enough. Now I’m thinking of self-publishing, do you have any advice?*
TITLE: Republish questions 
TEXT: Last year, I self published my first book on Amazon KDP. It’s in ebook and paperback. I used Amazon’s free isbn for my paperback, and the ebook doesn’t have an isbn. Cut to today, and I want to expand the market of my book. I tried uploading it on Ingram Spark, but I got an error
TITLE: Can't Complete Ebook Pricing Page
TEXT: I'm wondering if anyone else has run into this and solved it.  I updated the content of a book on my KDP account, and the first two pages—Kindle Ebook Details and Content—are marked Complete. The last page, Pricing, won't save.   When I click Save and Publish, I get an error mess
TITLE: How to remove rejected titles on ingramspark 
TEXT: Please does anyone knows how I can remove or archive cancelled titles from my Ingramspark book shelf, I was unlucky some of my ebook(epub) files to be cancelled while the paperback went live, probably due to some file format issues
TITLE: Amazon account says contact customer service 
TEXT: I had an Amazon account which I used for Prime video and the Amazon Appstore but I stopped using both last year and never opened my account again.   Now I'm trying to sign in to my old account, it shows a screen saying "contact customer service". There's only a phone number to co
TITLE: Freelance editors are people who don’t work for a successful publishing house. They generally prey on the ignorance of self published authors. They are like the photographers who will let you pay them thousands of dollars to ostensibly start your modeling career. We need to stop paying them.
TEXT: There are rare exceptions! Im not saying this is 100% of them, but it is more common than not.  Tl;dr: Freelance editors frequently know they are wasting your time and money, they know your book is not ready to publish, and that you trust them to help you succeed, and they don’t
TITLE: My book got "blocked" and Removed.
TEXT: Hello,   My book got blocked from editing then later removed from the market.    It is still in my bookshelf but it says blocked.  This is after i tried to change the price maybe i clicked something wrong i don't know.  I have been emailing them back forth but the only message i
TITLE: Need Advice: KDP Email Concerning My Bilingual Nursery Rhyme Book
TEXT:   Hi everyone,  I created a book with nursery rhymes in English and Arabic, translated to maintain the same rhythm in both languages. After submitting to KDP, I received an unclear email from them that might concern the bilingual format or the translation approach.  Has anyone fa
TITLE: Payment failed
TEXT: Hello guys,  I have a problem I didn't receive my  Royalties from [amazon.com](https://amazon.com) and [amazon.co.uk](https://amazon.uk.com) marketplaces.  I contact KDP support, they told me that my bank rejected this payment, I use Payoneer to receive money.  This problem has b
TITLE: A lesson learned on covers...
TEXT: A few weeks ago I posted here asking if my cover was holding me back (original post [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/selfpublish/comments/z0yapl/is_my_cover_holding_me_back/)).   I had posted because Amazon rejected me for ads because of a bloody machete on my cover. I thought may
TITLE: Buy one, get one free
TEXT: I published my first book on Amazon in October. I excitedly saw my first print sale a week or two later. Shortly after, the buyer contacted me to say they’d received two books in one. IT made no sense and so I  asked for a photo. Sure enough, half way through my book appears the
TITLE: Has anyone published anything that doesn't fall into a conventional genre? If yes, how was the experience?
TEXT: Okay, so I conceived this book back in 2018, and it took me like six and a half years to finish it. Throughout this time, I wasn't fully aware that I could self-publish it. I simply thought that I'll probably take my book to a bunch of publishing houses only to be rejected by the
TITLE: Which cover is best? Book for people with diabetes to do their own research
TEXT: OK so cover 3 was the clear winner in a previous poll, I was surprised, the designer of cover #3 also did cover number 5 and 6 below which I had already rejected, but wonder if I can indulge you all to compare cover 3 and cover 5 and 6 Its for a book for people with diabetes - th
TITLE: Please explain the ISBN process to me
TEXT: I purchased a pack of ISBNS from Bowker; in KDP I entered the code for one of them and got no errors, though I'm skeptical. I'm a little confused about this process, as Google is suggesting that I register the ISBN on Bowker first? Or is it as simple as just putting the code into
TITLE: Publish on KDP, ISBN with Bowker; Imprint error
TEXT: I'm trying to publish my paperback book on KDP. Part of the process request the ISBN with "Imprint." I've confirmed my ISBN and imprint are correct with Bowker; however, it is still showing an error message. Has anyone successfully resolved this issue and found a good contact at
TITLE: Advice about publishing book of Literary Essays
TEXT: I'm planning to publish a collection of literary essays. I chose Amazon KDP because everyone else seems to use it. They accepted the ebook version and make it available for pre-order. However, they have rejected the paperback version of the book for publication.     They seem ner
TITLE: High content book marketing
TEXT: Hi! I recently made a high content book for learning a language. It will be a series. I cannot make marketing on amazon as my card keeps being rejected (although no issues with it in other platforms), So I guess I need to do my own marketing...which strategies can you suggest me?
TITLE: Got 2 sales from my first self-published comic book on Kindle a few days ago
TEXT: Hello everyone! I'm CLGTart, also known by my pen name Yuri Moyashi. I'm a freelance comic artist, and up until now, I've only shared my comics online. Recently, I learned from a children's book author that I could self-publish books on Amazon Kindle, so I decided to give it a tr
TITLE: Converting unpublishable book to publishable
TEXT: I have a PDF workbook I created full of infographics and diagrams and charts.   Every time I try to publish it on Amazon it is rejected due to margin bleed. I've submitted it about a dozen times using every type of setting option I can find and it is rejected for the same reason
TITLE: Let down by local bookshop
TEXT: Hi all. I'm not looking for advise today. I just need to know if anyone else has experienced something like this.  I have written a sci-fi/fantasy series and earlier this year I updated my covers with consistent colors, font, theme, etc. My local bookshop has carried my books sin
TITLE: Does anyone format with Indesign and upload to KDP?
TEXT: I keep getting a processing error, and KDP support is saying I need to “flatten all transparencies” in my document but no matter which tutorial I follow to do that, KDP won’t process my paperback manuscript. I’ve even tried taking all of the images out altogether and that didn’t
TITLE: KDP rejected my manuscript citing issues that don't exist
TEXT: I'm trying to publish a comic and I finally got it sent for review. They emailed back saying that my bleed and margins were messed up and that I need to make sure images go to the edge, increase the inner margin, increase the bleed etc. But I've ordered 3 proof copies already and
TITLE: Need help understanding trim and bleeds.
TEXT: Hi guys.  I am trying to publish my first book. However I failed multiple time in getting pass the manual check at the end. I have a standard A4 format with internal margin 3.2 mm from the edge. When publishing when I select "no bleeds" [it gives me plenty of errors](https://imgu
TITLE: Yet *another* formatting request/question... Apologies in advance!
TEXT: Hi guys,  I did a search in this group and couldn't find a definitive answer, so apologies if I've missed the solution somewhere...  My children's book was originally published via Ingram spark, but I am also looking to publish a different version via KDP.  All is well with regar
TITLE: Help Ingram file error 
TEXT: Hey everyone! I got a request from a library for my books and I’m trying to set up a file with Ingram spark ( or D2D) I have my ebooks and prints at KDP and hardback on Ingram but seem to be unable to upload it correctly to Ingram or D2D I keep getting error messages like this :
TITLE: Sharing My Story
TEXT: I've always loved writing novels since I was a child, but I never knew they could be sold or that there were platforms where I could publish them. Coming from a very poor family, I officially started writing my novel, The Six Groups. It was never easy—I spent a whole year working
TITLE: Self-Publishing Advice from a Self-Published Author
TEXT: **Advice for venturing into Self-Publishing!**  When I published my debut novel one year ago, I had no readers, no followers, no sales, and zero clues. Now, a year later, I have 700 reviews on Goodreads, 300 on Amazon, a combined 3k followers, well over a million Kindle Unlimited
TITLE: Payment rejected
TEXT: Anybody had their payment declined and refunded back to Amazon KDP before? Worldfirst decided to reject my royalty payment because I am unable to provide an invoice for the royalty payment. (Amazon does not have one)  Did you have any problem with Amazon when the payment was retu
TITLE: Amazon rejected my campaign without explanation
TEXT: I don’t know what to do, so I’ll just rant right here. My book is short and, yes, maybe it’s a little bit spicy in content, but it’s really not that bad.  If you’re reading this, any advice?  Also if you like fantasy adventure novels about magic, please read Shadows by Jules Haze
TITLE: When Your Manuscript Gets More Rejections Than Your Last Dating Attempt
TEXT: Why is it that my book can be rejected more times than a cheesy pick-up line at a bar? Seriously, if each rejection was a dollar, I'd be able to fund my own publishing empire by now. Yet here we are... stuck in the never-ending loop of "not quite right for us." Anybody else here
TITLE: My self publishing journey so far.
TEXT: Hey everyone, I go by the pen name Jayden Baker and I thought I would share a post regarding my progress in publishing so far.  I had always loved to read romance books for quite a few years and had always wondered what it would be like to write my own! I had always quite liked w
TITLE: Amazon KDP cover file bleed error despite repeatedly resizing. Help please 🥲
TEXT: Hi! I have been having issues with formatting my covers through kdp. I have 3 things published so far through kdp, and those went off relatively without a hitch. However with the last 7 things I have tried to publish I keep getting this error:  - "Resize the background or image o
TITLE: Royal Guard Publishing Audiobook Submission?
TEXT: Does anyone here have experience submitting their work to Royal Guard Publishing for audiobook production? I'm planning to submit my LitRPG novel to them.  I just want to know how long before they reply to your email and if they will notify you if your submission was rejected.
TITLE: FYI: KDP's new paperback scheduled release date
TEXT: Hi all,  New here so apologies if I've missed this but thought I'd share my experience with KDP's new paperback scheduled release date feature. It opened on the 3rd of this month and is currently in BETA, so I'm not too sour about this (just stressed!)  &amp;#x200B;  My work is s
TITLE: Apple doesn't like the competitor links on my website, and there has issues with my ebook
TEXT: The only link in my new ebook is to my website. All other ebook providers were fine with that, but APple rejected it.  "The content contains links to sales channels that are in direct competition with the chosen sales channels. Please check your book's content for any direct link
TITLE: Formatting my novel and Amazon worries
TEXT: Hello.  I have recently finished writing, editing, re-writing, etc, my first novel - a cozy mystery. I'm having the cover designed by someone (my daughter, who is an artist).   Initially, I wanted to upload to Amazon KDP, but lurking in this and other reddit forums, I've come acr
TITLE: Need some advice on book selling.
TEXT: I recently published my book that i worked on for 8 months, this might seem like a lot for a book with just 260 pages but I wanted to write it without any problems so i did the best i could and it took this much time. I also wrote a small book for experiment and it took only 1 mo
TITLE: Thoughts on Self-Publishing vs Small Press
TEXT: After 82 rejections I finally received an offer from a small indie press, they are legit, have been around for 15 years and published hundreds of books. 83rd times the charm I guess? Being this is a self-publishing forum I wanted to post my thoughts on the whole process. My book
TITLE: Banned from Amazon KDP for Using Creative Fabrica Design Without Modification - Need Advice
TEXT: Hi everyone, I was banned from Amazon KDP after using an interior design from Creative Fabrica without modifying it.  I appealed, but it was rejected. Has anyone faced this issue? 😢  Thanks!
TITLE: To anyone who wants to give up
TEXT: Hey everyone,  I wasn’t sure if I should share this, but I figured some people here might find it useful. In November, one of my books on Amazon KDP made just under $30K. That was the best month I’ve had so far with a single book.  I’m sharing this because I’ve learned a lot thro
TITLE: KDP doesn't allow blood on the cover?
TEXT: Anyone have experience with book covers being rejected for violent imagery? I'm having an artist paint a cover for my fantasy book in the vein of 'Conan The Barbarian'
TITLE: KDP Print Proofs -- Appearing Live on Amazon in Error
TEXT:
TITLE: KDP is getting ridiculous with their cover size restrictions. It feels like they are resizing it on purpose !
TEXT: I wanted to update one of my book covers. I took the exact book cover I had previously uploaded...I didn't change any of the dimensions. All I did was increase the font size on the front page. That is all. Yet now I keep getting the a "cover size incorrect" error that I cannot se
TITLE: How do I get my book on Hoopla?
TEXT: I tried using PublishDrive to push it there but (whether I update the adult content section to no or yes) it keeps getting rejected saying they don't accept adult content. My book is horror fiction. Anyone with a similar experience and a workaround?
TITLE: Can ads be run on Facebook for a book that has a knife with blood on the cover?
TEXT: Just wondering people's experience with graphic covers like a knife with blood being held by someone, no actual act of violence, when trying to run a FB ad?  Or would it be rejected for being too graphic?  Thanks
TITLE: [RF] Help me find late fathers rejected dark manuscript
TEXT: Post Title: Looking for an Unpublished Manuscript by James VanderMeer - Themes of Addiction and Family  Post Body: Hello, I’m searching for a manuscript written by my late father, James VanderMeer. The manuscript revolves around themes of addiction and family. One key phrase in t
TITLE: My self publishing story so far - One month in
TEXT: Hello everyone! It’s been exactly one month since I published my children’s Christmas chapter / middle grade book. At this moment I am utilizing KDP, Kindle unlimited, and IngramSpark. I’ll break things down by the good, the bad, and the ugly.   ##The Good  I set the paperback up
TITLE: My coloring books keep getting rejected. 
TEXT: HI,  I am new to KDP publishing thing. I am trying to get some kids coloring books published. At start things were going good. My first book was sucessfully published in first month. After than my next 2 books were rejected for "disappointing user experience".   I then joined han
TITLE: kindle lock screen ads "Not Approved" : ad copy would be the reason?
TEXT: I placed a Kindle lock screen ad yesterday and instantly received a message that the ad campaign is in review. And about 24 hours later, I wasn't getting the message that the ad campaign was moderated. So I checked the ads page, and found that the ad I placed was "Not Approved."
TITLE: Journey to the Dark Side: How I Went from Traditional to Self-Publishing (x-post from r/writing)
TEXT: So guys, I've been reading this subreddit for a long time, I'm planning to publish a new ebook one month from now, and I thought I'd try to give a little back to the community by telling you all how I got here. This post is long but hopefully useful—maybe other self-publishers ca
TITLE: KPF File and Kindle Create issues
TEXT: I uploaded an epub but they prefer a kpf — my kpf doesn’t want to load or save properly at all. Won’t upload on KDP please help. Gives me a manifest file error. I’m willing to re-upload the entire work and reformat if needed. I’m about to cry 😭
TITLE: KDP error insufficient gutter
TEXT: [removed]
TITLE: Unpack Your Sh*t - A Guys Guide To Breakups
TEXT: This week my first book got released as an ebook on Amazon.. I'm so chuffed!!  [https://amzn.eu/d/0ztG4Yz](https://amzn.eu/d/0ztG4Yz)      Unpack Your Sh\*t – A Guy’s Guide to Breakups   A brutally honest, occasionally sweary, and actually useful guide to surviving heartbreak.
TITLE: A limited tour of ARC sites...
TEXT: I'm in the process of republishing a few books, publishing newer works, and I've been bouncing around ARC sites and thought it could be good to share my experiences.  So far, I've tried three, and I'm planning on using Netgalley, and a book tour site that specializes in more noir
TITLE: How long does it take ingram to make my book available to retailers?
TEXT: I recently published a photography trade book with blurb and decided to distribute with ingram, but it's been over a week and when I search the ISBN nothing comes up. Also, on my blurb "purchase book" page it just shows the title of my book, and a description with a blank ISBN an
TITLE: Is it "cheating" to use AI? 
TEXT: I want to write and publish some story ideas I've been sitting on for years, but I've come to the realization that my writing is mostly mediocre. They say this gets ironed out in the next draft, but I'm not sure that's the case for me. I never really know what to change in order
TITLE: Problems with bleed in KDP
TEXT: Hi everyone!  Long story short, I actually published my novel back in October. This novel contains a map at the beginning, and thus far, it has printed just fine. I made some updates to my manuscript to fix some small typos I found yesterday, but KDP rejected the file because my
TITLE: How do I prove I am the author and hold publishing rights for KDP?
TEXT: Hi. Looking for any help with a self-published title.   I've received the following email when I  updated my manuscript with minor corrections.  Hello,      Thanks for your message regarding the following book(s):      &lt;book title&gt;      We've reviewed the information you pr
TITLE: Wrote a chapbook for a contest and it got rejected. Worth self-publishing?
TEXT: Hey guys. So, I wrote a 25ish page chapbook for a contest and it got rejected. I have published other poetry books (one was around 80 pages, one was about 35). My concern is that if I publish this my readers (what few I have) will notice my works have been getting shorter and sho
TITLE: Is there another way to tell how many print books you've sold?
TEXT: Hi everyone,   This may be a dumb question, but is there some way to track sales on Amazon other than orders from ingramspark or sales rank?   I published my first book in August and when it was in the preorder phase, I received 130 orders for the paperback. I now realize that it
TITLE: I've noticed a few errors in my book after publication, how can I fix this?
TEXT: My book released about a month ago in paperback and digital format across 4 platforms. Amazon KDP, Ingramspark, Google Books, and my shopify store. I've been working with a narrator on ACX this past month to develop an audiobbok version of my novel. After re-reading my book when
TITLE: Prolific and scribofile are over rated and may actually harm author's 
TEXT: Title I know mileage may vary but as a writer I wanted to touch on the downsides.   prolific has you format for free give aways but then wants you to share to various social medias.  While others do this to the problem I have with this is many websites are against self promotion
TITLE: 1st pic is the AI image I was going to use as a cover. Roughly &gt;1% of the images I generated. 2 and 3 are what most were, 4 and 5 are why AI is not quicker/cheaper/easier. It can't give you anything to scale, it can't give you the same thing twice. 6th is the cover I used. No pitchforks please! 
TEXT: Images [**https://www.canva.com/design/DAGYZfKGvOA/68vjlJ-S9msYOykaLQ3dvA/edit**](https://www.canva.com/design/DAGYZfKGvOA/68vjlJ-S9msYOykaLQ3dvA/edit)   If these links break the rules I will gladly remove them rather than the post, I don't know a better way of explaining  **Sett
TITLE: No Boyfriend Since Birth
TEXT: I'm already in my twenties and I've never had a boyfriend because my parents won't allow it. They believed it would ruin my future and said I could only have one after I graduate. Though I had crushes in high school and sometimes we understood each other, I couldn't act on my fee
TITLE: First year since publishing
TEXT: Hi All - I've always found posts like these helpful. Because I've learned from other posts, I'm offering mine. Genre Crime Thrillers.   Today marks one year since I published my first book. Since then, I've published three more and completed the series. I also have one novella I
TITLE: Thoughts on my opening essay for my nonfiction book?
TEXT: Let me know what you think of this. I know the ending is weak and I'm working on that. Thank you!  \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\
TITLE: Can geegpay be used as a means of receiving payment on Amazon kdp?
TEXT: I currently have a payooner account but I am unable to get through with the verification. I only have my national identity slip and it has rejected it over time. I intend changing payooner to geegpay. Kindly I need guidance on everything I need to know and how it works
TITLE: Rejected by Booksirens twice already
TEXT: So I submitted 2 books to Booksirens, I was rejected the first time immediately. (I emailed someone and got a vague response. She mentioned something about readers preferring to pick up stories that are not released yet.) Fine, ok.  So in this second book I have a release date fo
TITLE: Some thoughts on the falling of the holy grails
TEXT: Like many of you, I always wanted to be a published author. I queries a few complete pieces but was rejected and shelved these projects. Recently I read them again and I loved them. I think they might do well going the self publishing route.   I am in some groups with published a
TITLE: Issues with B&amp;W images in paperback to D2D, that printed fine to Amazon
TEXT: D2D have rejected my PDF uploaded paperback but not offered a solution to the images in the back other than "remove them or change them" which wont work. Amazon published this same PDF without a problem:  ***Heavily inked pages will bleed through the paper causing difficult or ev
TITLE: Ingram Spark Delays…?
TEXT: Hi all.   I’ve successfully published my book to Amazon almost 3 weeks ago. At the same time I published to Ingram spark it then got rejected for enable distribution. After 3 emails and 3 responses saying that it is under review, I’m still no closer or clearer about what is happe
TITLE: Update: KDP vs. Mixam for Color Photo Books
TEXT: I recently started creating some photo booklets and tried KDP and Mixam. The Mixam sample issues just came back. I had low hopes after hearing some people dislike the end result of Mixam, but based on my comparison of KPD's color printing and Mixam's, Mixam's quality blew away KD
TITLE: IngramSparks PDF Errors with Atticus Formatting
TEXT: Hi, so I’m publishing my first book on IngramSparks and it keeps coming back with errors.  I’ve changed things to “fix” them but it isn’t working.  The book is saved and formatted with Atticus and it had saved fine as a pdf along with posting on KDP without any problems.    I do
TITLE: My books have been pirated on bookfrom.net
TEXT: The paperback versions of my books have been illegally uploaded to bookfrom.net. According to the site's DCMA page, it says to submit a take-down notice to an email address. As you might have guessed by now, I did this, and conveniently, my emails have been rejected as "550 spam
TITLE: Edit books "in review" or abort
TEXT: Hi fellow publishers,  Does anyone know if there is a possibility to abort the review process or edit a book in review once you submitted it for publication (or submitted an edit to an already published book). It seems that while a book is in review, you can#t do anything to it,
TITLE: My Experience Requesting Book Blogger Reviews for a Debut Indie Novel
TEXT: Hi guys, I'm a couple months from launching my first novel and wanted to share my experience and statistics from contacting book bloggers to request a review.  Obviously there's a lot that goes into whether a book blogger accepts your book for review. Here's a little background o
TITLE: How does Bookbub or any other arc websites work and are they worth it? 
TEXT: Im new to this whole bookbub scene and a bit confused on how this works? Do we have to pay something while applying? And if we should do we lose the money when we get rejected?   I don’t get the arc thing too .. can someone explain it to me please
TITLE: How realistic is it to remove 100% grammatical errors? I am really trying, but some always escape me. I hate typos.
TEXT: So I just published my second book. Yay.  This time, I actually paid someone 100bucks to check for errors.  Plus I read over the book multiple times. I used MS word spell check. I still read over the thing myself after using the spell check.  I used "find and replace" to make sur
TITLE: If your kindle reverts back to status "DRAFT"
TEXT: If you just published a book on Kindle and the status is "IN THE REVIEW" for 72h (+-), and comes back as boomerang to status "DRAFT", please, dont make same mistake as me. Read below what I just did.  Firstly, don't resubmit it! Wait for the mail. But you didn't receive the mail?
TITLE: Book is selling strangely well
TEXT: I have used KDP twice to self publish, my first book is a help book on how to use an air fryer and recipes etc which had a grand total of zero sales. My second book which is a sci fi novel(45000 words) has sold over 40 ebooks in the first week. Neither books had any marketing or
TITLE: Self-publishing a book in a few days, and already get to play 'Bot or Not' with "literary agent" accounts
TEXT: My latest book is being self-published in a few days (currently on pre-order). I've racked up 620 rejections and ghost rejections across three books from both agents and publishers. So, count me surprised when an "agent" weasels their way into my DMs. "Is this fate? Does my book
TITLE: Has anyone got their book removed or rejected because they used font on the cover without license?
TEXT: The .pdf cover file is a flat image so the text is part of the image. so will that pass?
TITLE: Has anyone sold to Amazon and Ingramspark with separate free ISBNs?
TEXT: I have no means to get an ISBN (no money, no US address so Bowker isn't an option, in my country I have to have a physical office as a publisher to be able to get an ISBN and I don't want to make my home address public, this also disqualifies me for student financing programs) so
TITLE: Question about ISBNs and republishing 
TEXT: Last year, I self published my first book on Amazon KDP. It’s in ebook and paperback. I used Amazon’s free isbn for my paperback, and the ebook doesn’t have an isbn. Cut to today, and I want to expand the market of my book. I tried uploading it on Ingram Spark, but I got an error
TITLE: Questions about KDP/D2D Crossover and Hangul
TEXT: I'm getting ready to publish a book that includes snippets of scripts other than the Latin alphabet. Having previously published stories with both KDP and Draft2Digital that include kanji, I was certain this would not be an issue.  However, I've discovered in the story previews *
TITLE: I'm about to post my first chapter on what time wattpad and I'm freaking out
TEXT: So I'm kind of a new author I mean I've been doing it for a couple of months now but I decided to make a new story and post it on Wattpad The thing is I don't have anyone to give me feedback on it or anything and I'm willing to take any feedback like I'm desperate for it You can
TITLE: [RF] help me find late fathers dark rejected manuscript
TEXT: [removed]
TITLE: Kdp self publishing error
TEXT: Hi all, I got my printed proof for my kdp comic. Looks everything shifted down a bit. I know when I previewed my file on kdp everything looked aligned. Even the ISBN box that they provided looks like it shifted down on the print and kdp was the ones who added that on. Anyone had
TITLE: Can I be accused of plagiarising myself?
TEXT: I am writing a non-fiction book which I plan to publish via KDP. I have two concerns. Firstly, a small part of the book (approx 500 words) is similar to the blog post I wrote on Bitlanders few years ago. I have added a footnote in the book stating that a different version of this
TITLE: Amazon rejected my cover - is there any point to staying exclusive to
TEXT: I'm locked out of my KDP account - and can't change my cover or promote through Amazon during 72 hour presale window - not the end of the world, but just wanted to share, for authors choosing a cover.  I guess I cut it too close to the deadline.  check out the "scandalous" cover
TITLE: "Bookshophouse.com" listing for my book: wtf?
TEXT: I self-published this June on Amazon KDP and Barnes and Noble. I didn't do expanded distribution or Ingramspark, so it should only be available on Amazon or BN. And yet I found my book listed on a site which looks *extremely fucking sketchy.* I'm 99.999% sure the entire site is a
TITLE: Need advice on best program to use
TEXT: Hi everyone, I wrote a novel about 12 years ago and was dazzled by Xlibris and their lies. Ended up with a book that was poorly edited due to my lack of knowledge and being told all sorts of things by the team that was assigned to me (they basically preyed on my naivety). I ended
TITLE: Waiting for the book to be rejected
TEXT: Im sitting at the edge of my seat.  2 days ago I submitted my first book to KDP, NOT realizing that I submitted the cover with the bleed/print guideline on (Yes, total intern moment 😭)  So I’m waiting for the book to be rejected so I can resubmit it. But should I just submit a n
TITLE: Reviews
TEXT: So, I took one of my stories, edited it too many times to count, and then self-published it on KDP. It's on Goodreads as well, and the thing is, it has received two reviews, both five stars.   It's the first time I've written anything larger than a short story or screenplay.  Whi
TITLE: KDP PDF upload issue...
TEXT: This shit is driving me up the WALL. I keep getting the ERROR PROCESSING INTERIOR message. I upload a PDF and it says "There was a problem processing your interior. Please check your file and try again."  The crazy thing is, I *just* successfully published a book with the exact s
TITLE: What am I doing wrong? (Amazon KDP + InDesign woes)
TEXT: I used the [Amazon KDP Cover calculator](https://kdp.amazon.com/cover-calculator) to calculate the sizes ([here](https://i.imgur.com/zS9mmrL.png)) and to download a [template](https://i.imgur.com/MPnXRmQ.png) for me to base the book on.  However, once I uploaded the finished book
TITLE: What's up with that "Add 0.125" (3.2 mm) to your book's page width and 0.25" (6.4 mm) to the page height"?
TEXT: It really triggers me. Am I being stupid or are KDP reviewers are actually dumb? My file size includes these measurements, both on program and after downloading the PDF. No bleed is selected. Yet, 50% of books pass the test, while 50% do not. It's like a gamble. All of my books h
TITLE: Google Books account rejected/deactivated?
TEXT: Hi! Sorry if this isn't allowed... I need some advice.  I wrote a few short books (40-60 pages) about some topics I care about and am knowledgable about. The first one I wrote was about Grunge Rock, written for Gen Z. I thought Google Books looked like a good platform to self pub
TITLE: Can I publish the same ebook twice?
TEXT: Hello all! Although my question might seem a little dumb, hear (read) me out for some context.   I published an ebook on KDP so it would be accepted and then took it down, with plans to have it published again when I announce it on my social media (during its actual release date)
TITLE: Bookvault US Image Quality
TEXT: We were really excited to hear that Bookvault was starting to print and ship locally in the US with the new Bookvault US option. The paper and cover qualities seem to be fine. The quality of black and white images, however, seems to be significantly lower than KDP or Ingram. Uplo
TITLE: Where to promote a new category of book?
TEXT: I am writing a web novel because I first want to engage potential readers with a new category of writing. I have found that if things are not categorized, it is much harder. Here, I just want to create that new category by a web novel to ease access. If some of you can show me be
TITLE: Spine formatting
TEXT: Hi All, hope you are having a great day!!!!      I have a short book that I want to release on KDP via POD - I have added spine text but in the preview the text remains in side the bleed of the spine but is overlapping the red lines - will this get rejected?      I can forgo the
TITLE: My experience with Book Sirens as a fantasy horror author
TEXT: I've seen a few posts lately about people being discouraged about their book not doing well on Book Sirens, so I thought I would share my extremely blah experience with it.   Book Sirens caters mostly to things under the romance umbrella. I have a good cover, good title, good blu
TITLE: I'm getting close to releasing my first coloring book.
TEXT: I've completed 26 pages out of 30. The last 4 pages are in various states of completion and it looks like I'll have one more page finished tonight or tomorrow.  This will be my first time using KDP and I'm both nervous and excited. I'm not sure what to expect.  The big thing on m
TITLE: Confused by formatting instructions from KDP
TEXT: My 8.5x8.5 children's book has full-bleed color pages. The proof copy is beautiful. But when I tried to publish, it was rejected with this instruction:      Add 0.125" (3.2 mm) to your book's page width and 0.25" (6.4 mm) to the page height to ensure that the images in your manus
TITLE: Question about Title/Cover requirements on Amazon
TEXT: I've previously printed my books using CreateSpace (CS) which required that the book title, subtitle, and author name appear on both the cover and title page (and the title creation/set-up forms) identically. Are these *requirements* to sell on Amazon?  I'm working on an unorthod
TITLE: So Amazon just rejected my book for a marketing campaign. The cover is 'too violent'
TEXT: Here's the [cover](http://www.bookshow.me/B00L2N1CNI) for anybody who's interested.  I wrote to them and they apologised at first and said it was a mistake. Then I got another email this morning confirming that my book was denied for 'explosive fire images' despite having been ap
TITLE: My manual ads campaign was rejected (non-compliant to creative acceptance policies)
TEXT: So I made a Psychedelic coloring book fo adults with some trippy designs, uploaded on KDP, all good. I then made a manual ad campaign with circa 30 keywords. These keywords only contained variations of phrases with these 3 terms: Trippy, Psychedelic, Stoner (so like "trippy color
TITLE: Would you correct a minor mistake in a print proof?
TEXT: I need advice:   I have the proof for my latest book and there is one minor mistake. On one chapter, the left hand facing page should be blank, but it has header and a page number. One out of 35 chapters. Do I let it go or do I correct it and regenerate the pdf to re-submit to KD
TITLE: Blurb and Cover Critique
TEXT: Hey folks. I got my latest cover and I'd like to run it by you all with the corresponding blurb.  A few notes. The cover is supposed to be in a painterly style.  Genre is Space Opera  Comparables: Meh. The genre is all over the place with covers. A lot are hideous. So I figured I
TITLE: KDP and Fiverr questions/issues
TEXT: I am a big fan of Fiverr, used for lots of things over the years no problem. So when I decided to create a childrens' book, I went for help there. I am now on my second formatting expert who is attempting to format/upload to KDP and Ingram Spark. I have lots of questions/issues,
TITLE: Endless Frustrations with KDP
TEXT: Does anyone have tips for publishing with KDP? I've been working with a graphic designer and we are having a terrible time getting the files to work for paperback and ebook. I had thought ebook would be a very simple way to start, so I started pre-launch sales. I've had to delay
TITLE: Questions about color illustrations, distributions routes and marketing.
TEXT: Hello everyone!  I still have a bit of writing and designing to do but for now, I have a question about publishing images alongside text.  I'm not sure yet whether or not I will try to go the traditional route or self-publish but for now, I'm leaning a bit towards KDP.    Today I
TITLE: (Help Appreciated) Where would be the best place to publish my work?
TEXT: Hi all, would appreciate some advice. I finished a 40k~ story that is of publishable quality as far as language and narrative goes. I would be happy publishing it for free as long as there are readers on the platform and it isn't immediately scraped and sold by a bot. My problem
TITLE: How Rejection Predicts Your Success
TEXT: Ever notice how the most successful people got rejected the most?      Stephen King's first novel got rejected 30 times.      But here's what nobody talks about...      Those rejections weren't failures.      They were proof he was in the game.      Think about it:      • No reje
TITLE: Having trouble creating a decent MOBI file for Amazon KDP; please help
TEXT: I've got my eBook in .docx, formatted according to recommended eBook guidelines.  1. I uploaded that to Amazon KDP and had their auto-converter turn it into a .mobi file. Unfortunately, the text justification on that was really bad, with huge spaces in between words every few par
TITLE: Advice on a small press
TEXT: [Hey all! This post might be lengthy, but I want to provide context to try to obtain meaningful advice on a small press opportunity. (apologies if this is not the correct sub for this question)](https://a.co/d/4zNlkIC) through Draft2Digital, in that I paid for editing, cover art,
TITLE: Getting a libelous review taken down
TEXT: I got a review today by someone who went on a rant calling me a racist, megalomanic, etc. I know this individual personally, he is a stalker who physically assaulted me after I rejected him romantically. The review says nothing about the book and is just him trying to slander me.
TITLE: KDP - release now?
TEXT: Hi guys - Book publishing in two days woop woop  Problem I have is the paperback on KDP was scheduled to release but when I hit publish it won't let me due to Ingram already being scheduled for release. No real way around it apart from hitting release now and waiting for it to pa
TITLE: Covers created in Canva--what gets you into trouble on Amazon?
TEXT: Can someone help me understand what it is about covers created in Canva that may cause covers to get rejected or accounts deleted. Is it using stock art from Canva? If you use vectors/stock from deposit photos but make the cover in Canva, is that okay, or will it still get flagge
TITLE: KDP "Error fetching asins" : is this a common trouble? Will it pass?
TEXT: I've been working on A+ content. All was going well until it (a+ manager) refused to upload an image, with a message "Error fetching file
TITLE: Does KDP print color text?
TEXT: I am writing faux scripture and seperating verses by a number of a contrasting color and am wondering if this is gonna be recognised by the printers, because on the Amazong guidelines page it only mentions images when discussing color.  Also, I'm curious as to whether the margin
TITLE: Why Is Goodreads Not Letting Me Claim My Author Account?
TEXT: I have submitted repeated applications to Goodreads to claim my author profile. I publish through IngramSpark, which doesn't allow me to fill out some of the boxes of the application that are KDP-specific. I provided my email address, an author website that I threw together using
TITLE: KDP help pls
TEXT: I’ve been trying to upload my novella to KDP and it just keeps immediately getting a failed message. i have read over the file requirements countless times and cannot find a single thing in my file that doesn’t match their requirements, but it’s still failing immediately each tim
TITLE: Do you know why your book cover get rejected from Amazon? Read more 👇
TEXT: [removed]
TITLE: Question about republishing a book
TEXT: Last year, I self published my first book on Amazon KDP. It’s in ebook and paperback. I used Amazon’s free isbn for my paperback, and the ebook doesn’t have an isbn. Cut to today, and I want to expand the market of my book. I tried uploading it on Ingram Spark, but I got an error
TITLE: Is Smashwords worth the trouble for you?
TEXT: I am pulling out my hair. After nearly two weeks of trying to get Smashwords to approve validated epubs files, I am no closer to success. On a hunch I decided to try and publish one title early on Amazon last night. Twenty minutes to tweak the copyright page and then off it went.
TITLE: Is my cover holding me back?
TEXT: Is my cover holding me back?  I launched my debut horror novel last month and sales have definitely been a little slow. I expected that but not necessarily this slow. I’m not saying it’s a masterpiece by any means, but I feel I did everything “right.” Professional editing, blurb,
TITLE: Copyright infringement on newly submitted book
TEXT: Hello  I'm trying to submit a book to KDP and getting a copyright infringement error from Amazon. The odd thing is that the content of the book was submitted on Monday and already on Tuesday they have rejected it. The book was written entirely from scratch and doesn't even contai
TITLE: KDP Nightmare - Question for Ingram People
TEXT: My book has been ready to publish for about 3 months. It was scheduled to be released tomorrow. I requested so many proofs and tweaked until my book was exactly how I wanted it. KDP is usually good about finding errors, and there were none noted. The day before launch, they email
TITLE: Rejected by Amazon then reinstated... Why?
TEXT: I tried to publish my first book on Amazon. I thought I did everything ok but clearly not.  They sent me an email asking to verify that the content of the book is mine. It is. 100%.  BUT -- it is a collection of short story lesson plans that I have previously published on my webs
TITLE: Booksirens?
TEXT: Tried to use the site for an upcoming book. Got rejected. No feedback, just a link showing a bunch of random reasons why it could happen. Really?
TITLE: Formatting issues
TEXT: I’m working on a book but it keeps getting rejected because of margins. I’m designing in photoshop, creating pdfs in Mac pages. How can I get the right size?
TITLE: Results of my Book Bub International Promo
TEXT: As promised, here are the results so far of the Book Bub promo I ran (or was allowed to run) yesterday. This info is, unfortunately, truncated due to my own foolishness/carelessness in setting up the discount on KDP.  The promo only ran for the UK marketplace due to my own error.
TITLE: 80% is good enough to publish, but don't make the same mistake I did
TEXT: Last summer, after many years, I finally said F-it and self-published on KDP.   I decided 80% was good enough and that I just wanted to get it done. I published knowing there was more that I wanted to add, and a cover I wanted to change.   I've since sold a couple hundred copies,
TITLE: im gonna launch/publish my book, its ready for kdp but..
TEXT: so im ready to publish via kdp, but im not able to purchase a proofcopy, im in a sort of f - it mode, im just gonna publish it, and buy my own book and see how it looks, if im satisfied.   at the same time i feel terrified, what if im not happy with it, or some weird production e
TITLE: Formatting Error on KDP print publishing with "bleed" using Apple Pages (SOLVED)
TEXT: I solved this issue but found mixed info online, so I'm documenting it here for you guys.  I have a poetry book with a bunch of line drawings, and some of the drawings reach all the way to the edge of the page. Because the images reach to the edge of the page, I selected to inclu
TITLE: Getting a proof copy in Singapore? Which marketplace?
TEXT: Does anyone know how to get a proof copy in Singapore?  I tried using the Australian marketplace since it looked closest but it rejected my address.   Does it say anywhere which marketplaces support which countries? I'm about to try Japan then the USA.
TITLE: Update: IngramSpark Help, PLEASE! Can you add Global Connect to Existing IngramSpark account?
TEXT: I'm new to this forum, and found some really great advice when I set up my IngramSpark account, so thank you! I think I made a mistake when I set up my account, though. I don't think I selected to activate Global Connect, but I'm getting orders from Asia on my website and would l
TITLE: i self-published a book and all i got was this stupid(ly long) reddit post [part two]
TEXT: **MARKETING**  Marketing is one of those things where I feel like no one has any idea what actually works, or how. Selfpub has a cadre of usual methods, as does tradpub. Dedicated marketing efforts essentially serve two purposes (as far as I’m concerned): letting people know your
TITLE: Where is it possible to pay reviewers to post an ARC review?
TEXT: I'm frustrated with the lack of services to get ARC reviews. The few available don't work.  * NetGalley: $500 wasted for nothing * Booksirens: rejected outright * Booksprout: 2 reviewers that are not delivering the review  How can I get an ARC review???
TITLE: Full bleed images KDP error - Atticus
TEXT: The blue dog at Atticus is troubling me once again. I have published my paperback before on KDP with full bleed images, but after a correction on a typo within the novel, I am receiving an error saying that the margins are incorrect, even though I have used the exact same full bl
TITLE: Keeping motivated
TEXT: Seriously, how do you guys manage to stay positive?  The constant knock backs really make me wonder if writing is for me. Through all the agent knockbacks, publishers ignoring you, independent shops refusing to even consider stocking your books. vanity publishers swimming like sh
TITLE: I wrote a Horse Book
TEXT: I know most people here are fantasy, science fiction, and romance writers. Mine is a book told from the point of view of a horse. My first horse, actually, so it's based on a true story. Target audience is people who like animals, horse people, young adults, middle grades. No cur
TITLE: No content bullet journal has margins error
TEXT: Hi,  I'm trying to put up a no content bullet journal on KDP. It gives me the error that my dots are outside of the margins for pages 1-13 and afterwards there's no error anymore. But that shouldn't be possible because I just copy/pasted the same page... I have put on the bleed o
TITLE: Ingram Spark restricting title distribution
TEXT: Hi all - currently having issues with IS restricting distribution on titles &amp; wondering if anyone has managed to resolve anything similar before.  Recently uploaded 5 titles to IS - all children's coloring/activity books. 4 out of 5 of them were very quickly restricted from d
TITLE: [NOT A PROMOTION] Please look at my first ebook and please suggest mistakes I committed. https://books2read.com/u/3JkNjv
TEXT: I published my first gay erotica on D2D. Somehow I wasn't able to add search filters. Also had to modify the metadata as it got rejected at first. Please help pointing out my mistakes.   https://books2read.com/u/3JkNjv
TITLE: I Can't Create an Amazon Ads Account !!!
TEXT: I tried to create a new Amazon Ads account, but I get the error "Sorry, something went wrong. There was an issue, and we are working to fix it. Please try again."  [https://imgur.com/a/98f7mZ3](https://imgur.com/a/98f7mZ3)  I don't want to link my KDP account.  Has anyone had thi
TITLE: Any tips or tricks on how to prevent Kindle from rotating and shifting pictures and illustrations out of place ?
TEXT: I have always included visual elements in my books. My previous books had like 2 to 3 illustrations and they uploaded to KDP without problem.  However, now that I have learned even further into the visual aspect ...everytime I try to upload my new book for Kindle (ebook)...the pr
TITLE: [PROMO] "Blessing from Our Mother" (overcoming narcissistic patterns, and recognizing the toxic relationships)
TEXT: Hey everyone!   Thank you for stopping by, and I'm new to the Reddit community (so please don't bite too hard).   Thanks to Lulu's free e-book publishing machine, I was able to finally produce my FIRST book titled "Blessing from Our Mother" as the title suggests. It covers a few
TITLE: Cab I upload/publish an ePub manuscript into/as my Amazon KDP book?
TEXT: I am older and tech challenged. I made the mistake of doing a weeks worth of editing/writing my manuscript (233 pgs) in Kindle Create (no spell check). So when I published it turns out I had 31 spelling errors. DOH!  I spent 2 days fixing everything but when I tried to save and u
TITLE: BookSirens write up for Contemporary Fantasy
TEXT: Hello everyone, I’m coming to the end of my BookSirens campaign and thought I would do a write up of the experience for others in the same boat.  My novel is the first in a series.   **Genre:** Contemporary Fantasy (no romance)  **Length:** 80k words  **Total Impressions as of to
TITLE: KDP Author Copies- Matte covers arrived with a different look and feel
TEXT: Okay, has anyone else experienced this? I always order my author copies through KDP. My books are the matte finish. Overall, I've had a good experience with the quality. Sure, sometimes I get an error or a damaged copy, but mostly they are good.  Then, the last time I placed a la
TITLE: Tips for Authors #2: A Basic Guide to Publishing
TEXT: Howdy all.  This is one of the topics I’ve seen the most questions about, and for good reason. Publishing is complicated and often boring. There are already a ton of fantastic recources, so I’m going to instead focus on some of the differences between the three main types of publ
TITLE: KDP Costumer Service can't answer my questions, may you can? Help. :( 
TEXT: Note: English is not my first language so sorry if the spelling is off  A few days ago I just for fun checked my sales report for the whole time I am on KDP (like 2/3 years)  and I saw something very odd. The newer books seemed to miss sales. If you look at you books you can open
TITLE: Vellum
TEXT: I put off buying Vellum because I thought I could format my paperback in MS Word. Within minutes, I fixed every issue I had battled with and I had a clean manuscript that uploaded to KDP with no errors.  If you're on the fence and have a Mac - it’s well worth it. It paid for itse
